feat(HTTP): Refresh 4XX response pages (#34620)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/415/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The HTTP **`415 Unsupported Media Type`** status response code is part of the `400`-`499` class of [client error responses](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#client_error_responses) and indicates that the server refuses to accept the request because the payload is in an unsupported format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The HTTP **`415 Unsupported Media Type`** status response code is part of the `400`-`499` class of [client error responses](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#client_error_responses) and indicates that the server refuses to accept the request because the payload format is not supported.
```

Author: done in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/34620/commits/5ec35dbdd45b72e904277ceab6f6106a745a6c10#diff-47e29cbf135e93e054b3f766077c2f1502704ace73a262db4d58e916f472bee2R10

The format problem might be due to the request's indicated {{HTTPHeader("Content-Type")}} or {{HTTPHeader("Content-Encoding")}}, or as a result of inspecting the data directly.

> Some servers may be strict about the expected `Content-Type` of certain requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some servers may be strict about the expected `Content-Type` of requests.
```

> For example, sending `UTF8` instead of `UTF-8` to specify the [UTF-8 charset](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3629.html) may cause the server to consider the media type invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, sending `UTF8` instead of `UTF-8` to specify the {{glossary("UTF-8")}} charset may cause the server to consider the media type invalid.
```

Author: done in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/34620/commits/5ec35dbdd45b72e904277ceab6f6106a745a6c10#diff-47e29cbf135e93e054b3f766077c2f1502704ace73a262db4d58e916f472bee2R15

## Status

```http
415 Unsupported Media Type
```

## Examples

### Missing content type

In the following example, the {{HTTPHeader("Content-Type")}} header is missing entirely:

```http
POST /comments HTTP/1.1
Host: example.com
Content-Length: 23

{
  "user": "brian",
  "comment": "LGTM!"
}
```

If the server implementation expects at least a MIME type `Content-Type: application/json;` for the request at that endpoint, it may send the following response:

```http
HTTP/1.1 415 Unsupported Media Type
Date: Fri, 28 Jun 2024 12:00:00 GMT
Server: Apache/2.4.41 (Ubuntu)
Accept: application/json; charset=UTF-8
Content-Length: 0
```

### Invalid content type

> In the following example, the {{HTTPHeader("Content-Type")}} header is incorrectly set to URL-encoded form data where the payload is in the request body instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the {{HTTPHeader("Content-Type")}} header is incorrectly set to URL-encoded form data when the payload is in the request body instead:
```

```http
POST /comments HTTP/1.1
Host: example.com
Content-Length: 23
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

{

>   "user": "brian",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "user": "gayatri",
```

Author: Updated to something else in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/34620/commits/5ec35dbdd45b72e904277ceab6f6106a745a6c10#diff-47e29cbf135e93e054b3f766077c2f1502704ace73a262db4d58e916f472bee2R61 :)
